Dear Henry,

Thank you for your proposal to Re-Fest 2020. This year we received more proposals than ever before and the process was highly competitive. Unfortunately we can only present a limited number of pieces in the festival, and we won't be able to include your project this year.

We appreciate the time and creativity you put into your proposal and hope we can get the chance to learn more about your work in the future. If you're available, it would be a pleasure to see you at the festival.

Thank you again for sharing your work with us.

-The CultureHub Team

Dear Haoyu, 
 
Thank you for submitting Data links to Science Gallery for our upcoming exhibition SYSTEMS.

We have had an overwhelming response to our call for submissions, which made our task in the selection process quite difficult, not only due to numbers, but the high quality of projects submitted. 

It is at this time that we regret to inform you that your submission has not been successful on this occasion, but we kindly ask your permission to keep your details on file for possible collaborations in the future. 

We invite you to continue to watch opencall.sciencegallery.com for future opportunities. If you have any further queries please do not hesitate to contact me.

Kind regards, 
Joe


Hello,

Thank you for submitting your work to Future Timelike Infinity. This was a fiercely competitive process with over 1,700 submissions. We regret to inform you that your work was not selected. We hope that you do apply again for future calls, and if you are local, that you can attend the opening on March 7, 6-9PM at Carnation Contemporary.

Thank you again for applying! As artists ourselves, we know that applications take a lot of time and work and we truly appreciate your efforts. 

Sincerely,
Carnation Contemporary, Future Timelike Infinity Tea

Hello,

Thank you for your interest in Apple and interviewing with us.

We enjoyed meeting you and learning more about your skills and interests. After careful consideration, we have decided not to move forward in the interview process at this time for this position. We encourage you to apply to future opportunities that match your skills and passion. 

We will continue to keep your resume on file for additional opportunities that may become available. 

We wish you the very best in your employment search.


Best regards, 

Hello Haoyu,
Thank you so much for giving us the opportunity to consider you for employment. Your interest in Deeplocal means a lot. We've reviewed your application and, unfortunately, it’s not a match for what we’re specifically looking for this time around.
We know it takes a lot to submit an application, so we want you to know how much we truly appreciate you doing so! We will retain your resume and if a position opens that closely matches your skill set, we will contact you at that time. Thanks again for your interest in employment at Deeplocal Inc..
We wish you all the best.
 Regards, The Deeplocal Team
Hi Haoyu,
 Thank you for giving us the opportunity to consider you for the 2020 Graduate MS/PhD Software Engineer Internship - Data Visualization role. After careful consideration, we have decided to move forward with other candidates who we feel are a closer match to what we're looking for right now.  Please know that we really appreciate your interest and support in Uber. If you see another role you're interested in, don't hesitate to apply through uber.com/careers.  Regards,
The Uber Recruiting Team

Haoyu,
Thank you so much for taking the time to apply for the Product Design Intern, Summer 2020 opportunity and for pursuing Mailchimp as a next step in your career. After thoughtful consideration we have decided to move forward with another candidate that we feel is the best fit for this role. 
Mailchimp is growing and we are updating our Jobs Page on a regular basis, so we encourage you to keep an eye out for new openings. 
We appreciate your interest and we wish you all the best! 
 The Mailchimp Team

Dear Haoyu,

Thank you for your interest in Salesforce! Your resume was referred to us for the Summer 2020 Intern - UX R&D position. Unfortunately, we will not be moving forward with your candidacy for this opportunity. If you have applied to multiple roles and/or are in the interview process for another role, please continue the process for that role.

We encourage you to continue your search on our Futureforce site for openings that may be a better match to your background. We regularly update the website with new opportunities.

We wish you the best of luck with your search and hope that you will continue to consider opportunities with Salesforce. Due to high volume, replies to this email will not be received.

Best regards,
The Futureforce University Recruiting Team